Cache size limit (#1183)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/knowledge-codemagic/caching.md

## Cache usage limits

> Exceeding 1GB cache size will be blocked as it might cause performance issues. It means that installing dependencies with no caches could be faster than recovering or updating cached data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching is limited to 1GB to avoid potential performance issues. Installing dependencies without using caching could be faster than retrieving or updating cached data.
```
